After a successful sign up, Hpakant is going to be sending an email with the activation token to the
email address we entered, so a user must be checking their email to activate their account, so we
must be showing an information to user about it.
So let's add a new test for this one.
Now in this one, it displays account activation notification after successful sign up request.
So this test will be similar to the spinner test.
So we are going to be checking visibility of an element with the specific text we are looking for,
but it's not going to be visible before we do anything on the page.
So here we are going to call setup form and then we are going to click button.
But here we will do a check.
But before that, let's, let's go over about what the implementation will be.
So we are going to click the button.
This is going to be making an HTTP call to this end point.
Then this is going to be so far we haven't used this functionality, but this time we need to return
a response from this testing controller and this is going to be a 200 K response.
We are not going to set a specific response, but it's going to be just an empty object and we can do
it like this.
Let's have this as a variable and we can call this Rex flush function and we can just pass an empty
object to it.
So this is ending up with the 200.
Okay.
Now we are going to display a message to user.
And for this one again, we are going to use bootstrap component.
Let's find the alert.
And alert is basically having these styles and we will display a message with this green success alert
style.
And here we have the the markup for each like the this is the success, this is the danger primary,
secondary and others.
So we will have this one in the the the component and we are going to query this based on the like we
can just query the alert success to get the element.
So we are going to have, let's say this is the message.
We will get it by sign up.
This is the the whole page query selector.
And we are going to use the class name of Lord Dash success.
And we expect this message to have this text content.
It's going to contain.
And this is going to be taking.
A bit longer.
So I'm going to the next line.
The message we see is going to be, please check your email to activate your account.
But this is going to be visible after clicking the button, so it's not going to be visible before we
do anything.
So just like checking the spinner, this is the spinner.
In the previous test, we will do the same thing.
So we expect this is not going to be in the document and like this it's going to be false.
So this is the test.
Let's save this one.
But we have a missing part as well.
Like this is going to be updating the UI.
So you must be making sure the UI is updated.
So we call fixture detect changes.
So this is the test and it's failing and let's fix it.
And the first thing is we are going to check the status of the request.
So here in the quick signup, we are calling this post, but we are not caring about the response.
So whenever we receive a success response, it's going to be handled within this subscribe.
So here in the class we can have another property and let's call this one is sign of success.
It is initially going to be false and after we receive a response from Hpakant we can set it to true
and based on this property we can display.
This.
Text on UI.
So here after this div we can have another div and it's going to be having this text and this is going
to be visible conditionally.
So NGF and it's going to be only visible if sign up is success.
And since we are using the bootstrap classes in the query part.
We must be using them here as well.
So it's going to be having the the classes of alert and alert sexes.
So basically having these two as a class for this component now let's say all these changes.
And here the test is passing.
Now we can also test this one on browser.
Like here, let's fill the form with an existing user going with user 50.
User 50 and mail.
Clone.
Password.
Now we are receiving 200.
And here we have this message.
Please check your email to activate your account.
Now let's enhance this functionality.
Let's make sure the form is gone after we receive a success response.
So we will be only seeing this message here.
So let's add a new test for this one.
It hides sign up form after successful.
Sign up.
Request.
Now we need to have a reference for the form element like we are going to check the the non-existence
of this form.
And for this one we can we can do something like this.
We can say we can set a test ID and this is a functionality exist in the test and testing library setup
as well.
So here let's say so this is basically the card for the the form, the signup form.
So let's set a data test ID for this one and let's say this is form.
The sign up value we are setting to is an ID for this this element.
So in this test we are calling setup form and we are expecting this sign up.
Query selector and we are looking for.
This div with this test ID so like here this with this data test ID to be treaty.
So it's going to be in the document first.
Then after we are going to click to button, then we will receive the response.
Then we will update the UI.
Then again, we will check this form.
But this time it's going to be.
False.
So saving all these changes.
So this one is failing and the fix is, again, we can use this same property, this sign up success.
So it is.
So this one is visible when the sign up success is true.
And we can do like this if and give.
If sign up success is false, then we will be showing this part.
Saving this.
And the tests are passing.
So we are conditionally displaying this part or this one.
We can enhance this functionality like we can do something like this.
Here in the root div we can say if let's do like this, let's have the clause in this line and we can
use the the NGF right here.
By saying, like, if it is not sign up success, then it's going to be showing the content here, just
removing the energy from this one.
And we can use like this else.
We can use a template here and let's say the template name will be like the success message.
We don't have this one yet, so it's having this error.
But here in this part, we conditionally say if this one is matching, if this is not sign of success,
then existing content will be visible else.
It's going to be adding not this one, but the one.
The template defined with this name will be inserted as a child to distill.
So we are going to define the success message here.
Now instead of having again, we don't need this NGF anymore.
So we have just this third component.
But this is going to be defined as n g template.
Opening and closing and moving this TV into this one.
And we can give the name to this one with this hash template variable.
So we are referring to this template with this name.
So we are using this success message name for this template.
And it's going to be used in this content for this death if this doesn't match.
So if criteria matches then goes with the default else inserts the the template associated with this
name.
So let's say this one as well.
Cynthia, we see the test is passing now.
Let's test this.
Let's send another request.
User 51.
Gmail.com.
Password.
Password now.
Sending the request.
And as soon as we receive the response, the form is gone and the alert is visible.